[plugin-web-app-playwright] Add steps to validate network requests (#5216)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/plugins/pages/plugin-web-app-playwright.adoc

----

include::plugins:partial$ui-scrolling-steps.adoc[]

=== Request validation steps

> :enable-collecting-note: This step requires requests collecting to be turned on. It can be done in properties via "playwright.requests-collecting-enabled" or by switching on "@collectRequests" meta tag at the story or scenario level.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:enable-collecting-note: This step requires requests collecting to be turned on. It can be done in properties via "proxy.recording.enabled" or by switching on "@proxy" meta tag at the story or scenario level.
```
?
